(whistling to the tune
of "The Farmer in the Dell")
(walker growling)
(whistling continues)
(whistling stops)
(grunts)
(whistling resumes)
(Aaron breathing heavily)
What time is it?
Just past 5:30.
Let's go.
Didn't see that
last night.
Didn't see what?
George:
Still going.
Looks like
the end of them, though.
All damn night.
At least
Negan's smart enough
not to let that mess
anywhere near us.
Fat Joey's good
for something, at least.
What, eating cake?
He rigged the herdway.
Just trips.
Nothing fancy.
Guerilla kind of stuff.
What kind of stuff?
As in warfare, idiot.
Those demo sticks
from that run last month,
the RPGs
from the new guys.
(sighs)
Maybe it takes it down.
Takes them out.
All right,
it's a trickle.
- Let's go.
- Finally.
Thank Christ.
(engine starts)
Making a trail.
I think we're close.
We should bailout,
follow the rest of the way,
see what we can see.
I, uh-- how?
It isn't usually the fall
that gets us.
It's trying to fight it.
Run with it or roll with it.
The truck's
going slow enough.
We'll be
in the blind spot.
We can race behind
one of the other cars.
l-if-- if I screw up
and we get caught--
It'll be fine.
We just got to go now.
Okay.
Show me first.
(chuckles)
"Show me first."
(walkers growling)
(brakes squeal)
Negan: Okay, boys, let's get
this haul unloaded and inside.
I want to get back in there
and unload a little myself.
Man: Negan, need to talk to you
about redirect.
What about the redirect?
It got screwed up.
We're on it now,
but it's a mess out there.
And whose job was that?
George:
...a pack and a tent...
Aw, damn.
I thought
they packed this up tight.
Ah, no worries.
Plenty more
where this came from.
Right?
(laughter)
Son of a bitch!
(laughs)
What the hell?
Stay back!
Drop your weapons.
I only want Negan.
He killed my friends.
No one else needs to die.
(Negan whistling)
Damn.
You are adorable.
Did you pick that gun
'cause it looks cool?
You totally did,
right?
Kid,
I ain't gonna lie,
you scare the shit
outta me.
(grunts)
Kid!
Negan: Dwight.
Back off.
Is that any way
to treat our new guest?
Come on, kid.
I will show you around.
(walkers growling)
(music playing)
Come on, kid.
I'll show you around.
You know, you do the same
damn stink-eye as your dad,
except it's only
half as good 'cause...
well, you know, you're...
missing an eye.
(chuckles)
Really?
You're really not
gonna take my hand?
'Cause you're lucky
you even still have a hand.
Same as your boy Daryl
over here,
now that
I think about it.
How's the job going,
Daryl?
Hot enough for you?
Yeah, it'd be tough
with one arm.
(chuckles)
Ah, smart kid.
Now come with me.
Dwighty-boy,
why don't you grab Daryl,
take him to the kitchen,
do a little grub prep.
New plan, boys.
Let's burn the dead,
unload the truck later.
Damn, I am not
gonna have time
to screw
any of my wives today.
I mean, maybe one.
(walkers growling)
Come on.
What are you
gonna do to me?
(door opens)
(door closes)
Number one,
do not shatter
my image of you.
You're a badass.
You're not scared of shit.
Don't be scared of me.
It's a disappointment.
Number two...
you really want me
to ruin the surprise?
Screw you, kid.
Seriously.
Screw you.
(indistinct conversations)
Check this out.
The Saviors
have gone out into the world
and fought the dead
and come back
with some really good stuff.
Some of that stuff
can be yours
if you work hard
and play by the rules.
Today, everybody gets
fresh vegetables at dinner.
No points needed.
(applause)
You see that?
Respect.
Cool, huh?
They still
on their knees?
As you were!
Hey, I wanted to show you
a few potentials
I've rated B-plus
or higher.
I know
where we're going.
While I'm picking up
a high level of certainty,
I'd be remiss
if! didn't mention
that after a thorough analysis
of the grid,
X'ing out any places
we've already combed,
I do believe
I've bull's-eyed
some worth considering
for the specific task at hand.
What?
Finding goods for Negan.
You're not going out to find
stuff for the Saviors?
(scoffs)
Why not?
There's no fighting it,
Rosita.
Perhaps we should all
travel together.
I'm down.
We come across
a haystack,
four POVs could draw out
whatever we're looking for.
We're fine on our own.
I know
you don't like it
and you don't
want to hear it from me,
but we got to produce
for them.
This is like taxes.
- Hey.
- Come here.
Hey.
You can keep acting pissed at me,
but I didn't do this.
Rick did.
You think
you can do better.
Yes.
(chuckles)
Sure.
No, I bet you already have
a whole truck-load full of stuff
hidden out there
for yourself, huh?
Go get it.
Pay your taxes,
and leave me the hell alone.
Let's go.
Ladies.
Don't mind the kid.
I know.
Every woman
where you're from
dresses like they do the books
at an auto shop.
You're gonna want to look
at their titties.
It's cool.
I won't mind.
They won't mind.
Knock yourself out.
Can I talk to you
for a minute, dear wife?
Make yourself comfortable, kid.
(sighs)
What happened
with Amber and Mark?
What we talk about
when you're not here
is none
of your business.
Fair play.
You want to know
what I heard?
I heard that Mark
skipped out on redirect duty
to be with Amber.
I need to know
if it's true.
Ahh.
There are rules
for a reason.
Nothing matters
if you're dead.
You, my dear,
are here because you get that.
She made a mistake.
Go easy on her.
Calm the hell down.
lever hit one of you?
No.
But I know you.
There's worse.
Well, look at you!
(chuckles)
To be continued.
(music playing)
Amber, baby.
You know
I don't want anyone here
that doesn't want
to be here, right?
Mm-hmm.
Oh.
So if you want to leave
and go back to Mark...
you can.
But what can't you do?
Cheat on you.
That is exactly right.
You can't...
cheat on me.
There's plenty
of other gals
who would love
to take your place,
and there's a few job openings
that I can think of.
You want to go back to Mark
and your mom?
Hell, I'll put you all
on the same job.
No.
I'll stay.
l'm-- I'm sorry.
You know
what that means, right?
Ye-- yes.
I love you, Negan.
Oh, of course
you do, darlin'.
I don't know
why you're crying.
It's all gonna work out aces
for you.
(chuckles)
Will you get Carson
for me?
- Yeah.
- Did you see that?
Wasn't hard on her,
even though I am...
very hard in general.
You're an asshole.
I know.
But the messed-up thing is,
you like me anyway.
You know the truth,
just like me.
(chuckles)
Carl, will you grab
this tray for me?
Why do you
got him here?
Whoa!
What we talk about
when you're not here...
is none
of your business.
Do not make me
put this toothpick
through the only eye
he has.
You go with Dwight.
He'll get you a mop.
Dwighty boy...
fire up that furnace.
I'll be down
in a few.
Time for
a little déja vu.
Come on, kid.
We have today and only today
to find somethin'.
They could be back
by tomorrow.
Could be back now.
Hating somebody--
is that a sin?
No.
Well,
not necessarily.
Thoughts are just thoughts.
It's our actions
that matter in the end.
I hate Rick.
He was a cop.
Fine.
He shouldn't be
in charge.
My mother, she--
she served in Congress.
She led people.
She brought out the good
in people.
Rick brought out
the good in me.
B How?
y bullying you?
(chuckles)
A little.
But mostly
by inspiring me.
He didn't just
keep people alive.
He brought us
all together.
He's not perfect, but he's a man
who finds his way.
He didn't keep everybody alive,
Gabriel.
My mother, my father,
my brother...
It wasn't his fault.
He got here, they died.
Or maybe other people didn't die
because he got here.
Or maybe we shouldn't have
attacked that outpost
- and then Glenn--
- We don't know!
We can't.
We don't get to.
We're here now...
and we can look
to the future.
What future?
There's no future
with him in charge.
The thing I can't stop thinking
is that...
maybe the only good thing
that could happen for us now...
is he never
makes it back.
Stop the car.
(brakes squeal)
What you're saying--
it doesn't make you
a sinner.
But it does make you
a tremendous shit.
But just for now.
It doesn't
have to be terminal.
I'm gonna go back.
(car door closes)
(walker growling in distance)
(groans)
Are all of those women
actually your--
Wives? Yeah.
Always wanted to screw a whole
bunch of different women.
I mean, why settle
forjust one?
Why follow
the same old rules?
Why not
make life better?
Speaking of...
sit.
Let's get started.
Started on what?
(chuckles)
I want to get to know you
a little better, Carl.
Why?
Work it out.
You're smart.
In fact, I'm gonna tell you
just how smart you are,
in case
you don't already know.
See, I'd expect a kid your age
to be moping around,
not doing a damn thing,
except crying
about missing the prom.
But you--
why you go on a mission.
You find me,
you kill two of my men,
and you're smart enough
to know
that I'm not gonna
let this slide.
(chuckles)
Ah, I can't-- I can't do it.
It's like talking
to a birthday present.
You got to take that crap
off your face.
I want to see
what Grandma got me.
No.
Two men!
Two... men.
Punishment.
Do you really want
to piss me off?
(sighs)
(chuckles)
Almost there.
Get that hair
out of your face.
Let me see.
Christ!
That is disgusting.
No wonder
you cover that up.
Have you seen it?
I mean, have you
looked in the mirror?
That is
gross as hell.
I can see
your socket.
(chuckles)
I want to touch it.
Oh, come on.
Can I touch it?
(sighs)
Damn.
Holy hell, kid.
Look...
Ijust--
it's easy to forget
that you're...
just a kid.
(sniffles)
And I didn't mean to hurt
your feelings or anything.
|--
(sighs)
I was just
screwing around.
- Just forget it.
- (knock on door)
(sighs)
Come in.
I'm sorry to interrupt,
sir, but, uh...
you left Lucille
out by the truck.
Seriously?
I never do that.
I guess a kid
firing a machine gun
is a little bit
of a distraction.
All jokes aside,
you look rad as hell.
I wouldn't
cover that shit up.
It may not be a hit
with the ladies,
but I swear to you,
no one is gonna screw with you
looking like that.
No, sir.
Fat Joseph, did you carry her
all the way up here for me?
Yes, sir.
Were you gentle?
Were you kind?
Uh...
Did you treat her
like a lady?
Mm, yes.
Yes, sir.
Did you pet her little pussy
like a lady?
(chuckles)
I'm just screwing around,
man.
A baseball bat
doesn't have a pussy.
(Negan chuckles)
(laughs)
Get the hell out.
(door closes)
Now, you see?
That's what
I'm talking about.
Men breaking
each other's balls.
This is the shit your dad's
supposed to be teaching you.
(sighs)
What do you like
to do for fun?
You like music?
I want you
to sing me a song.
What?
Yeah.
You mowed down two of my men
with a machine gun.
I want something
in return for that.
Sing me a song.
|-- I can't think
of any.
Bullshit!
What'd your mom
used to sing you?
What'd your dad
play in the car?
Start singing.
Okay, okay.
Okay.
Uh...
J‘ You are my sunshine... J‘
Go on.
J‘ My only sunshine J‘
J‘ You make me happy J‘
J‘ When skies are gray... J‘
(grunts)
Do not let me distract you,
young man.
J‘ You'll... J‘
J‘ Never know... J‘
- (grunts)
- J‘ ...dear J“
J‘ How much I love you J‘
J‘ So... J‘
J‘ Please don't take my... J‘
J‘ Sunshine away. J‘
That's pretty good.
Lucille loves
being sung to.
It's about the only thing
she loves more
than bashing in brains.
Weird, huh?
Did your mother
sing that to you?
Where is she now?
(sniffles)
Damn.
Dead,huh?
You see it happen?
(sniffles)
I shot her...
before it could...
Damn, no wonder you're a little
serial killer in the making.
That was an example
of breaking balls, by the way.
Come on, kid.
Get up.
It should be ready.
What should be ready?
The iron.
(indistinct conversations)
(Lucille clanging)
Hold that for me.
You know the deal.
What's about to happen
is gonna be hard to watch.
I don't want to do it.
I wish I could just ignore
the rules and let it slide,
but I can't.
Why?
All:
The rules keep us alive.
Negan:
Thatuis".ﬁght
We survive.
We provide security to others.
We bring civilization
back to this world.
We are the Saviors.
But we can't do that
without rules.
Rules are what make it all work.
I know it's not easy.
But there's always work.
There is always a cost.
Here, if you try to skirt it,
if you try to cut that corner...
(chuckles)
...then it is the iron for you.
On your feet.
D...
(chuckles)
Mark... I'm sorry.
But it is what it is.
(whispers indistinctly)
(Mark screaming)
(chuckles)
Ah, that wasn't so bad now,
was it?
Jesus.
He pissed himself.
Clean that up.
Doc, I'm all done.
Do yourthing.
Well, the pussy passed out.
But it's settled--
we're square.
Everything is cool.
Let Mark's face
be a daily reminder to him
and to everyone else
that the rules matter.
I hope that we all
learned something today,
because I don't ever
want to have to do that again.
Some crazy shit,
huh?
You probably think
I'm a lunatic.
Come on. Let's go figure out
what to do with you.
(walker growling)
(hook clangs)
(stand rattling)
(growling continues)
(music playing)
(grunting)
(stand creaking)
(walker thuds)
I didn't want
to come back here.
I don't...
No.
I asked you
to make me a bullet.
You said yes.
So make me a bullet.
You're right.
I said yes.
But that...
was peak
heat of the moment.
Uh, in the intervening hours,
I've been taking a deep dive
into other options
and contingencies,
trying to game out
any iteration
in which charging into
this enterprise makes any sense.
I'm not trying
to definitively stop ya.
Just maybe
slow your roll.
Maybe go on
for some Iullin',
false sense
of security-wise.
- I'm not waiting, Eugene.
- That's just being stupid.
Pendejo, you don't know what
the hell you're talking about.
I think I do.
I've analyzed this
top to bottom.
It doesn't matter
if you're stealthy,
snipey, gun, or knifey.
Abraham was right--
they have the numbers.
His ballgame,
unless we put together
a finishing move
for a force of many,
along with the man
in charge.
A single bullet
ain't gonna do it.
Best case,
maybe you take him out.
Then make me a bullet.
Somebody has to
pay the price.
Even if you're willing...
from all we've seen,
it's not a lock you'll be the one.
Will the man who killed the man
who saved our lives die?
- Maybe.
- Then make me a bullet.
You're not talking me
out of this, Eugene!
You owe me,
and you owe him.
And if there's a price,
I'll pay it.
But don't you
tell me no.
You don't know anything.
You don't do anything.
You're a coward.
And you're weak.
The only reason
you're alive
is because you lied and because
people feel sorry for you.
So, for once...
do something useful...
...and make me a bullet.
(door creaks, closes)
(sighs)
Don't beat yourself up.
Why would I?
He--
he asked you
about Mark and Amber,
and you sold 'em out,
right?
You had to.
That's not
what happened.
Whatever helps you
sleep at night.
How do you
sleep at night?
I don't.
I watch TV
straight to the morning.
When we made
that deal with him,
that was us
deciding something.
This was only
supposed to affect us.
No.
If you're
still standing,
then it's always
on somebody else's back.
You should go.
Someone's going to see us.
We're not doing anything.
No.
We're not.
(door opens)
Can I wrap up
my face now?
No,
you absolutely cannot.
Why the hell not?!
(chuckles)
Look at this badass.
You can't
because I'm not done with you.
And I like
looking at your disgusting,
rad-ass, badass eye,
so it's staying out.
What?
You got something
to say?
Why haven't you killed me?
Or my dad or Daryl?
Daryl...
is gonna make
a good soldier for me.
You see, he thinks
he's holding it together...
but you saw it.
Yourdad?
He's already
getting me great stuff.
You,
on the other hand...
well, we shall see.
It's more productive
to break you.
More fun, too.
You thinking that's stupid?
I'm thinking
we're different.
Mm.
You're a smart kid.
What do you think
I should do?
You know
I can't let you go.
So, do I kill you?
Iron your face?
Chop off your arm?
Tell me.
What do you think?
I think
you should jump out the window
to save me the trouble
of killing you.
(chuckles)
Oh!
Now, there is the kid that
impressed the hell out of me.
I think you're not saying
what you're gonna do to me
because you're not
going to do anything.
If you knew us,
if you knew anything,
you would kill us.
But you can't.
Hoo.
Maybe you're right.
Maybe I can't.
(claps hands)
Let's go for a ride,
kid.
(walkers growling)
Daryl!
You seem worried,
so I'm taking the kid home.
If you do anything
to him--
Dwight!
Daryl needs a time-out.
Put him back in his box
for a while.
(engine starts)
(door opens)
(footsteps approach)
(footsteps depart)
(door closes)
(engine shuts off)
(footsteps approach)
Michonne: Drop it.
Your knife, too.
(knife clatters)
What next?
You want my shoes?
Take me to Negan.
Start it up.
Let's go.
(engine starts)
(tires screech)
Aah!
(breathing heavily)
(grunts)
Take me... to Negan.
(knock on door)
(door creaks)
(whistling)
- Carl, where's--
- Enid's fine.
Great, great, great,
great, great, great!
Where's Rick?
Uh, l--
- I'm just--
- J“ Don't care. J‘
Where's Rick?
Um, out scavenging
for you.
Cool.
I'll wait.
Um... he went out
pretty far.
They might not
be back today.
We're running really low
on everything.
We're practically
starving here.
Starving?
You?
By "practically,"
you mean "not really."
(crying)
(chuckles)
Really?
(sobs)
You people seriously
don't have a sense of humor.
(sighs)
Excuse me.
What's your name again?
Olivia.
Right.
lam sorry for having been
so rude to you just now.
And it looks like
I'm gonna be here for a while,
awaiting
your fearless leader's return.
And if you'd like...
I think
it would be enjoyable...
to screw
your brains out.
I mean, if, you know,
you're agreeable to it.
I am about 50%
more into you now.
Just sayin'.
(chuckles)
All right, well,
I'm just gonna put my feet up
and wait for my stuff
to get here.
Olivia...
would you be a lamb
and make us a little lemonade?
Now, I know I left you all
some of that good powdered stuff.
Well, I'm supposed to
be with--
Make it.
Take your time.
Make it good.
All right, kid!
Take me
on the grand tour.
("Bang Bang" plays)
J‘ I'll trade you my heart
for your heart, baby J“
J‘ Give you all my kisses
to boot J‘
J‘ I'll trade you my heart
for your heart, baby J“
J‘ Give you all my kisses
to boot J‘
J‘ If you feel you'd like
to make a deal J“
J‘ Cock your pistol
and rooty-toot-toot J‘
J‘ Bang bang bang bang,
bang-bang-bang... J‘
- Negan: How about this one?
- J‘ Bang bang bangedy-bang-bang... J‘
Carl: Oh, i-it's just
a water heater--
Are you serious, kid?
Come on.
J‘ Bang bang bang J‘
- J‘ Bang bang bang bangedy-bang... J‘
- Oh-ho, my.
J‘ Bang bang bang... J‘
- Look at this little angel.
- J“ Bang bang bang J‘
J‘ Bangedy-bang... J‘
Oh.
(whimpers)
- J‘ Bang bangedy-bang... J‘
- (chuckles)
This guy-- he's armed.
Has food,
supplies, ammo.
"The only way that
you have possibly read this far
without being shot
is that lam dead."
(walkers growling)
Aaron: Looks like
he protected his supplies.
Rick: Looks like
they're still protected.
Today and only today,
right?
Yeah.
Thank you.
I'm sorry
for what I said.
l reject that.
(scoffs)
I am sorry.
No.
Maybe the words,
but not the intent.
You sound sincere,
but it's just a flea circus.
You got
what you wanted.
This is just
you feeling bad
and not saying that
you didn't mean what you said.
That's your truth.
Eugene...
I'd like to take it back
to awkward silence now.
Find what you wanted?
Rosita:
Did just fine.
Yeah, me too.
Where did you
acquire all this?
(chuckles)
Latin.
It was
a pain-in-the-ass class.
My mom said that pain
would be useful someday.
It's a list of caches
from a dead guy with a plan.
Dug up medical supplies,
water purifiers, flares...
And you're just gonna
give it all to them.
That's what Rick
wants us to do, right?
So that's what
I'm gonna do.
I'm gonna do
more than that.
(whistles)
(gate unlocks)
(music playing)
They're here.
He's here.
(Negan humming)
Oh, this little girl
is precious.
(humming)
Hey, neighbor.
Why don't you
come by later?
We might grill out.
(chuckles)
Oh, I like it here.
Mm-hmm.
I might just
have to stay here.
You know, I was thinking
about what you said earlier, Carl.
Maybe it is stupid
keeping you and your dad alive.
I mean,
why am I trying so hard?
Maybe I should just
bury you both
down in
one of those flower beds.
Huh?
(chuckles)
And then I could just settle
into the suburbs.
What do you think
about that?
(music playing)
Created by: A. Vandelay
Post Haste Digital